README.md, before:

# cs4398-project
CS Project Class Application

## UML Diagram Images:
![Image of Call Diagram](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/UML_Call_Diagram.png)
![Image of Class Diagram](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/Blackjack_Classes.png)

## Project Execution Images:
#### Start Menu
![Image of Starting Menu](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Starting_menu.PNG)
#### Starting a New Game
![Image of Starting Game](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Start_game.PNG)
#### Hitting and Staying Under 21
![Image of Hitting and Drawing](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Hit_and_draw.PNG)
#### Hitting and Winning
![Image of Hitting and Winning](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Hit_and_win.PNG)
#### Hitting and Going Over 21
![Image of Hitting and Losing](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Hit_and_lose.PNG)
#### Getting Blackjack
![Image of Getting Blackjack](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Blackjack.PNG)

Commit message:

Merging Branch Added a __main__.py file in /src Added how to run file in README.md

README.md, after:

# cs4398-project
CS Project Class Application

To run application go to linux terminal.
cd into /Blackjack-Project folder

Enter this command in /Blackjack-Project directory
    $source venv/bin/activate
Enter this command in the Blackjack-Project/src directory
    $python __main__.py

## UML Diagram Images:
![Image of Call Diagram](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/UML_Call_Diagram.png)
![Image of Class Diagram](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/Blackjack_Classes.png)

## Project Execution Images:
#### Start Menu
![Image of Starting Menu](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Starting_menu.PNG)
#### Starting a New Game
![Image of Starting Game](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Start_game.PNG)
#### Hitting and Staying Under 21
![Image of Hitting and Drawing](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Hit_and_draw.PNG)
#### Hitting and Winning
![Image of Hitting and Winning](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Hit_and_win.PNG)
#### Hitting and Going Over 21
![Image of Hitting and Losing](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Hit_and_lose.PNG)
#### Getting Blackjack
![Image of Getting Blackjack](https://github.com/CS4398-SM-Group2/Blackjack-Project/blob/feature/doc/execution_images/Blackjack.PNG)
